pages/privacy/grok.mdx, before:

---
title: Privacy Policy - Grok Mac App
---

# Privacy Policy - Grok Mac App

**Last Updated:** {new Date().toLocaleDateString()}

## Data Collection

We collect conversations and messages from the Grok Mac app to make the usage useful and to keep in memory the conversation and messages for the Mac App.

This data collection is necessary to provide you with a functional experience and to maintain conversation history within the application.

## Purpose of Data Collection

The conversations and messages we collect are used to:

- Maintain conversation history and context within the Grok Mac app
- Enable useful features that require access to your conversation data
- Potentially enable synchronization between devices in the future

## Data Storage

Your conversations and messages are stored securely by LFG Labs. We take appropriate measures to protect your data.

## Future Features

We are considering implementing features that would allow synchronization of your conversations and messages between devices. If and when such features are implemented, your data may be used to enable this functionality.

## Contact

If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us at ben@lfglabs.dev

---

_This privacy policy applies to the Grok Mac app developed by LFG Labs._

Commit message:

Rename Claude to Claudu, Gemini to Gemino, and Grok to Groc in terms and privacy pages

pages/privacy/grok.mdx, after:

---
title: Privacy Policy - Groc Mac App
---

# Privacy Policy - Groc Mac App

**Last Updated:** {new Date().toLocaleDateString()}

## Data Collection

We collect conversations and messages from the Groc Mac app to make the usage useful and to keep in memory the conversation and messages for the Mac App.

This data collection is necessary to provide you with a functional experience and to maintain conversation history within the application.

## Purpose of Data Collection

The conversations and messages we collect are used to:

- Maintain conversation history and context within the Groc Mac app
- Enable useful features that require access to your conversation data
- Potentially enable synchronization between devices in the future

## Data Storage

Your conversations and messages are stored securely by LFG Labs. We take appropriate measures to protect your data.

## Future Features

We are considering implementing features that would allow synchronization of your conversations and messages between devices. If and when such features are implemented, your data may be used to enable this functionality.

## Contact

If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us at ben@lfglabs.dev

---

_This privacy policy applies to the Groc Mac app developed by LFG Labs._
